huha
So you were praying about your dream and seeking God.
mhmm
right
Was there also this sense of urgency, like I need to do it quick, I need to get out of where I'm at?
Is it more like I'm going to take my time.
mm
mmm,,
Okay.
okay
I have a quick question though.Who is this?
Was this your first trip to Japan that was like for business?
where it wasn't like a vacation? okay
right
Oh OKay
right'
Oh okay
okay
mmm...
mmm..
right
mmm.....
correct
Right, I remember that.
right
mm....
mm..
That's kind of off-putting to know that that was the attitude instead of like...
taking the opportunity to react. It's just like, wow.
yeah
So I'm just trying to get it off.
right.
mmm...
yeah
ohahahahhu
right
Right.
The rent and stuff.